.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1994 1995 1996 ... 2022 2023
.\"     John McCue <jmccue@jmcunx.com>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.TH J2_CHG_CHAR 3 "2018-03-07" "JMC" "Local Library Function"
.SH NAME
j2_chg_char() - Change Character
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <sys/types.h>
#include <j_lib2.h>
.fi

size_t j2_chg_char(char old, char new, char *s, ssize_t force);
.SH DESCRIPTION
j2_chg_char() changes all occurrences of a specific character
to a different value
.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
char old
The character to be replaced.
.TP
char new
The value of the replacement character.
.TP
size_t force
This should always be set to zero
unless you want to replace all NULL
characters.
When replacing NULL characters you need to
be sure of the actual buffer size.
For character strings this should always
be set to 0.
.SH EXAMPLE
Change all spaces to an underline '_'
.nf

{
  char s[12];

  strcpy(s,"aaa bbb ccc");

  j2_chg_char(' ', '_', s, 0);
}

.fi
String s will be changed to aaa_bbb_ccc
.SH RETURN VALUES
Number of characters changed
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
If you want to replace (char) NULL with another
character you must specify argument 'force'
with a value greater than 0.
.PP
Be very careful when using argument 'force',
using it incorrectly WILL cause a crash.

