.\" 
.\" Copyright (c) 1999 2001 2002 ... 2017 2018 
.\"     John McCue <jmccue@jmcunx.com>
.\" 
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

.TH j2_d_to_sec 3 "$Date: 2018/08/22 23:01:11 $" "JMC" "Local Library Function"

.SH NAME

j2_d_to_sec() - Converts a date to the # of Secs since Jan 1, 1970

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <time.h>
#include <sys/types.h>
#include <j_lib2.h>
.fi

time_t j2_d_to_sec(struct s_j2_datetime *d);

.SH DESCRIPTION
j2_d_to_sec() - Converts a date to the Number of seconds since
Jan 1, 1970.  This is the traditional beginning of time for
UN*X Systems.

.SH EXAMPLE
Display Date
.nf

{
  char ds[30];
  time_t secs_since;
  struct s_j2_datetime d;

  strcpy(ds,"09/08/99 03:05:00");

  j2_ds_split(&d, ds, DATE_IN_FMT_U);

  secs_since = j2_d_to_sec(&d);

  fprintf(stdout,"%ld %02d/%02d/%04d %02d:%02d:%02d\n",
          secs_since, 
          d.month, d.dd, d.yyyy, 
          d.hh, d.minutes, d.ss);
}
.fi

.SH DIAGNOSTICS
If the date is greater then a specific value
an error occurs.  These limits are defined in
j_lib2.h as:
.nf
   on 32 bit systems:
       LIMIT_TO_SEC_YY 2038
       LIMIT_TO_SEC_MM 1
       LIMIT_TO_SEC_DD 18
   on 64 bit systems:
       LIMIT_TO_SEC_YY 9999
       LIMIT_TO_SEC_MM 12
       LIMIT_TO_SEC_DD 31
.fi
On most 32 bit systems the largest allowable date
is Jan 18, 2038.
These limits can may be set much higher
on 64 bit systems.
Note, some 32 bit Versions of OpenBSD/NetBSD
releases >= 6.0 now use 64 bit limits for date/time.
.PP
If these values are changed you must
rebuild the library after recompiling all modules.


.SH RETURN VALUES
-1 for error
