.\" 
.\" Copyright (c) 1994 1995 1996 ... 2017 2018 
.\"     John McCue <jmccue@jmcunx.com>
.\" 
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\" 
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

.TH j2_ds_fmt 3 "$Date: 2018/07/02 23:06:16 $" "JMC" "Local Library Function"

.SH NAME
.nf
j2_ds_fmt() - Manually Formats a Date String for Display
j2_dl_fmt() - Manually Formats a Date int for Display
.fi
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <j_lib2.h>
.nf

int j2_ds_fmt(char *date_format, char *date_s, int out_type, int fmt)
int j2_dl_fmt(char *date_format, long date_l, int out_type)
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
j2_ds_fmt(), j2_dl_fmt() - Takes a Date String or long int and
formats it for printing.

Following arguments are needed:
.nf
    char *date_format        Pointer to Results String
    char *date_s             Date/Time String to be formatted
    int out_type             Format of out string, must be one
                             of these values:
                                 Value         Result Format
                                 ------------- -------------
                                 DATE_FMT_US_2 MM/DD/YY
                                 DATE_FMT_US_4 MM/DD/YYYY
                                 DATE_FMT_YYYY YYYY/MM/DD
                                 DATE_FMT_YY   YY/MM/DD
                                 DATE_FMT_EU_2 DD/MM/YY
                                 DATE_FMT_EU_4 DD/MM/YYYY
                                 DATE_STR_YY   YYMMDD
                                 DATE_STR_YYYY YYYYMMDD
    int fmt                  Format type.  Only needed by j2_ds_fmt().
                             Used to determine Date Format.  Can have 
                             one of the following values:
                                 Value         Meaning
                                 ------------- ----------
                                 DATE_IN_FMT_U  US Format
                                 DATE_IN_FMT_E  European Format
                                 DATE_IN_FMT_J  Japan Format
                             fmt is used only when j2_d_type() 
                             cannot determine in date format.
.fi

.SH EXAMPLE
Display Date
.nf

{
  char ds[30];
  long di;
  char results1[DATE_SIZE_MAX];

  strcpy(ds,"09/08/99 03:05:00");
  di = 19990809L;

  if ( j2_ds_fmt(results1, ds, DATE_FMT_US_4, DATE_IN_FMT_U) )
    printf("Date 1 is %s\n", results1);

  if ( j2_dl_fmt(results1, di, DATE_FMT_US_4) )
    printf("Date 2 is %s\n", results1);

}
.fi

.SH DIAGNOSTICS
For some date formats it this routine needs a hint
on in date format, this is provided by argument "fmt".
.PP
Whenever possible, you should use strftime(3) instead
of these functions.

.SH RETURN VALUES
TRUE for success, FALSE for Failure
