.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2001 2002 2003 ... 2022 2023
.\"     John McCue <jmccue@jmcunx.com>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.TH J2_FIX_DELM 3 "2020-04-16" "JMC" "Local Library Function"
.SH NAME
j2_fix_delm() - Fix delimited string for use with strtok()
.SH SYNOPSIS
#include <j_lib2.h>
.nf

long int j2_fix_delm(char delimiter, char **new, char *original);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
fix_delm() reformats a delimited string, adding a space between
null delimiters.

For example, if a pipe delimited string has these values:
.nf
    "1|2||4|5||6"
.fi
it will be copied to string 'new' as:
.nf
    "1|2| |4|5| |6"
.fi

This allows strtok(3) to work as I expect it to work.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
Sample Call:
  {
    char original[40];
    char *new = (char *) NULL;

    strcpy(original,"a||b|c|||d");

    if (j2_fix_delm('|', &new, original) > 0)
        {
          printf("results: %s\\n",new);
          free(new);
        }
  }
.fi

results: a| |b|c| | |d|
.SH RETURN VALUES
The size of new string 'new'.
Returns 0 if a issue occurred or
if the string being fix is empty or NULL.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
Output String is set to NULL on memory allocation issues or the string
passed in is NULL or empty.
.PP
You must explicitly free() the Output String when it is no longer
needed.

